Jupyter and Singularity (#678)
GQCG/GQCP: site/docs/user_documentation/getting_started.md

and copying that link in your browser.

## Installation through Singularity

For HPC systems, [singularity](https://sylabs.io/docs/) offers a more secure fork of Docker. Singularity converts Docker images to Singularity images on the fly. For the [UGent HPC](https://www.ugent.be/hpc/en) this translates into first making sure [that you are able to download and use Singularity images](https://vlaams-supercomputing-centrum-vscdocumentation.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/software/singularity.html)

```bash
mkdir $VSC_SCRATCH/containers
mkdir $VSC_SCRATCH/containers/cache
mkdir $VSC_SCRATCH/containers/tmp
```

then you can pull and convert the Docker image in the scratch space

```bash
SINGULARITY_CACHEDIR=$VSC_SCRATCH/containers/cache SINGULARITY_TMPDIR=$VSC_SCRATCH/containers/tmp SINGULARITY_PULLFOLDER=$VSC_SCRATCH/containers singularity pull docker://gqcg/gqcp
```

> Note that the above `SINGULARITY_*` environment variables can also be set user wide in your `.bashrc`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The `SINGULARITY_*` variables used above can also be set user wide in your `.bashrc`. 
```
